Minor tweaks to Mods stubs (#4624)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Game_modifier/Flashlight/en.md

### osu!mania

> In [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania), the visible area is restricted to a relatively thin horizontal bar at the center of the track whilst everything else is obstructed from view. In this respect, the Flashlight mod could be thought of as the Hidden mod and [Fade In](/wiki/Game_modifier/Fade_In) mod combined. (That is, without the changing sizes of the visible area.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania), the visible area is restricted to a relatively thin horizontal bar at the center of the track whilst everything else is obstructed from view. In that sense, the Flashlight mod could be thought of as the Hidden mod and [Fade In](/wiki/Game_modifier/Fade_In) mod combined. (That is, without the changing sizes of the visible area.)
```
